samples: matter: disable mpsl before preforming factory reset (#19696)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/advanced_kconfigs.rst

* :ref:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_MATTER_SECURE_STORAGE_MAX_ENTRY_NUMBER<CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_MATTER_SECURE_STORAGE_MAX_ENTRY_NUMBER>` - Defines the maximum number or assets that can be stored in the secure storage.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TRUSTED_STORAGE_BACKEND_AEAD_MAX_DATA_SIZE` - Defines the maximum length of the secret that is stored.

.. _ug_matter_persistent_storage_factory_reset:

Factory reset
-------------

> The factory reset functionality allows you to reset the device to its factory settings and remove all Matter and network non-volatile data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The factory reset functionality allows you to reset the device to its factory settings and remove all non-volatile data related to Matter and network.
```

If you need to remove application-specific data, you must do it manually or use a dedicated callback function.

> The default implementation of the factory reset callback is located in the :file:`ncs/nrf/samples/matter/common/src/app/matter_init.cpp` file and it disables :ref:`mpsl` to speed up flash operations during the factory reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default implementation of the factory reset callback is located in the :file:`ncs/nrf/samples/matter/common/src/app/matter_init.cpp` file and it disables the :ref:`mpsl` to speed up flash operations during the factory reset.
```

> You can define your own factory reset callback by implementing it and setting it in the Configuration Manager module using the ``ConfigurationManagerImpl().SetFactoryResetDeviceCallback()`` method after initializing the Matter stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define your own factory reset callback, implement and set it in the Configuration Manager module using the ``ConfigurationManagerImpl().SetFactoryResetDeviceCallback()`` method after initializing the Matter stack.
```
Where is the Configuration Manager module? Can we link to it?

Author: It is a module inside the Matter core, and it is not described anywhere in the docs. I can add a sentence where it is, though.

* :ref:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_MATTER_SECURE_STORAGE_MAX_ENTRY_NUMBER<CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_MATTER_SECURE_STORAGE_MAX_ENTRY_NUMBER>` - Defines the maximum number or assets that can be stored in the secure storage.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TRUSTED_STORAGE_BACKEND_AEAD_MAX_DATA_SIZE` - Defines the maximum length of the secret that is stored.

.. _ug_matter_persistent_storage_factory_reset:

Factory reset
-------------

The factory reset functionality allows you to reset the device to its factory settings and remove all non-volatile data related to Matter and network.
If you need to remove application-specific data, you must do it manually or use a dedicated callback function.

> The default implementation of the factory reset callback is located in the :file:`ncs/nrf/samples/matter/common/src/app/matter_init.cpp` file and it disables the :ref:`mpsl` to speed up flash operations during the factory reset.

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's worth to mention it is done only for the single core solution, as for multi-cores it is not needed.

Author: @peknis I've added such a line there.
